Update system requirements page for 3.0 (#1012)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/getting_started/requirements.md

||Debian|Ubuntu|RHEL / CentOS|
|------|------|------|------|
|Operating system|10.x "Buster"|19.10 "Eoan"|8.x|
|Web Server|Nginx 1.14</br>Apache 2.4|Nginx 1.16</br>Apache 2.4|Nginx 1.14</br>Apache 2.4|
|DBMS|MariaDB 10.3|MariaDB 10.3</br>MySQL 8.0|MariaDB 10.3</br>MySQL 8.0|

> |PHP|PHP 7.3|PHP 7.3|PHP 7.3</br>_(upgraded from the version delivered with the OS)_|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|PHP|PHP 7.3|PHP 7.3|PHP 7.3</br>(upgraded from the version delivered with the OS)|
```

|Cluster PHP packages|[php-redis](https://pecl.php.net/package/redis) *(3.1+)*|[php-redis](https://pecl.php.net/package/redis) *(3.1+)*|[php-redis](https://pecl.php.net/package/redis) *(3.1+)*|

|||
|------|------|
|Search|Solr (recommended; for performance, features and search quality):</br></br>Solr 7.x *Currently tested with Solr 7.7LTS*</br></br>Oracle Java/Open JDK: 8 or higher |
|Graphic Handler|GraphicsMagick or ImageMagick or GD|
|[Clustering](../guide/clustering.md)|Linux NFS *or* S3/EFS *(for IO, aka binary files stored in content repository, not supported with legacy)*</br>Redis 3.1 or higher *(preferably separate instances for session & cache, both using one of the `volatile-*` [eviction policies](https://redis.io/topics/lru-cache))*</br>[Varnish](http://varnish-cache.org/) 6.0LTS with [varnish-modules](https://github.com/varnish/varnish-modules/blob/master/README.rst) *or* [Fastly](https://www.fastly.com/) using [our bundle provided with eZ Platform Enterprise](../guide/http_cache.md#serving-varnish-through-fastly) *(for HttpCache)*|
|Filesystem|Linux ext4 / XFS|
|Package manager|Composer (recent stable version)|

> |Asset manager|`Node.js` 10.15.3 LTS</br>`yarn` 1.15.2 or higher|

Author: I don't know if this should be updated or not, Node.js v12 is a newer LTS, and v14v is around the corner end of month.

Reviewer 2: The 10.x is used on our Travis, I like to have this aligned.
But maybe it's time to upgrade our tests to use v12? //cc @mnocon

Author: Ok, but this might be a followup then as it seems correct for the time being 👍

Reviewer 3: Upgrading to newer LTS sounds good, but I don't think we should start with that on Travis - right now all QA members are using Node 10, we need to verify (manually) that everything works correctly on Node 12 (I've created a ticket for that: https://jira.ez.no/browse/EZP-31553) - @dew326 please let me know if this update would be meant for v2 as well.

Reviewer 2: No, I don't think we should bump requirements for v2.

### Other supported setups

For security and performance we generally recommend (unless otherwise noted) using the newer versions of components below.

-   OS: Linux
-   Web Servers:
    -   Apache 2.4, with required modules `mod_rewrite`, `mod_env` and recommended: `mod_setenvif`, `mod_expires`
        - event MPM is recommended, if you need to use _prefork_ you'll also need the `mod_php` module
    -   Nginx 1.12, 1.14, 1.16
-   DBMS
    -   MySQL 5.7 or 8.0

>     -   MariaDB 10.2, 10.3, 10.4

Author: NOTE: I don't really know if this is correct, the issues someone experienced with 10.1 was rather due to mysql settings and usage of default empty string value. So would be good to know what @alongosz thinks here, with a grain of salt.

Reviewer 4: Fine by me as long as you're bumping, not downgrading ;)

Author: ok :)

-   Databases: MSSQL, Oracle (databases technically supported by Doctrine DBAL which we use, but not supported by our installer at the moment, and not covered by automated testing)

> Examples of experimental / deprecated bundles:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - _Currently none, all deprecated system support features have been removed from 3.0_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Let's get rid of the lines at all, if none

Author: Well then we should remove the section, right?

Tip: You can mark several lines now to comment on, and then suggest will also work on those lines

Reviewer: I also marked the line above to be removed, but GitHub said "nope" to a multi-line comment

    For example:

>     - Platform.sh provides (at time of writing) Redis support for versions 3.2, 4.0 and 5.0. eZ Platform supports Redis version 4.0 or higher, and recommeds 5.0. As a result, Redis is supported on eZ Platform Cloud in versions 4.0 and 5.0, but you are recommended to use 5.0.

Reviewer 4: typo:
```suggestion
    - Platform.sh provides (at time of writing) Redis support for versions 3.2, 4.0 and 5.0. eZ Platform supports Redis version 4.0 or higher, and recommends 5.0. As a result, Redis is supported on eZ Platform Cloud in versions 4.0 and 5.0, but you are recommended to use 5.0.
```

    ### eZ Platform Cloud Setup support matrix

>     All eZ Platform features are supported in accordance to example above. For example: As Legacy bridge is not supported with v3, it is not supported on eZ Platform Cloud either.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    All eZ Platform features are supported in accordance with the example above. For example: As Legacy Bridge is not supported with v3, it is not supported on eZ Platform Cloud either.
```

    ### Supported eZ Platform Cloud setup

>     Because of the large range of possible configurations of eZ Platform, there are many possiblities beyond what is provided in default recommended configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Because of the large range of possible configurations of eZ Platform, there are many possiblities beyond what is provided in the default recommended configuration.
```

    Make sure to set aside time and budget for:

>     - Verifying your requriments and ensuring it is supported by Platform.sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Verifying your requirements and ensuring they are supported by Platform.sh
```

>     - Additional time for adaptation and configuration work, and testing by your dev team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Additional time for adaptation and configuration work, and testing by your development team
```
